Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes Model

SLBX-20mini Brand: Howard Lee 
Product Introduction: The Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes is a new type of precision instrument developed and designed by Howard TechPulse Commerce Inc. Based on the previous research and development of the gene amplification system for the automated molecular detection system of pine wood nematodes, it tracks the international scientific and technological frontier, relies on technological innovation, and uses real-time quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction technology to detect pine wood nematode genes for rapid and accurate detection of pine wood nematodes. The system is mainly composed of a test tube temperature-varying amplification plate, a heating and cooling system, a temperature monitoring and single-chip microcomputer monitoring unit, a photoelectric detection unit, and a power supply. This system operates automatically with one click, completes the detection and analysis of pine wood nematode DNA within 1 hour, automatically displays the detection results and prints the detection report without manual interpretation. The accuracy rate is over 99%, which greatly improves the efficiency of pine wood nematode detection work. Equipped with a field rapid detection system, it can be portable for mobile operations without carrying PCR amplifiers or outdoor battery-loaded equipment, providing convenience for field pine wood nematode detection. The system is widely used in forestry bureaus, forest protection stations, quarantine bureaus, customs, universities, scientific research institutions and other units. I. Product Introduction of Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes The Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes is a new type of precision instrument developed and designed by Howard TechPulse Commerce Inc. Based on the previous research and development of the gene amplification system for the automated molecular detection system of pine wood nematodes, it tracks the international scientific and technological frontier, relies on technological innovation, and uses real-time quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction technology to detect pine wood nematode genes for rapid and accurate detection of pine wood nematodes. The system is mainly composed of a test tube temperature-varying amplification plate, a heating and cooling system, a temperature monitoring and single-chip microcomputer monitoring unit, a photoelectric detection unit, and a power supply. This system operates automatically with one click, completes the detection and analysis of pine wood nematode DNA within 1 hour, automatically displays the detection results and prints the detection report without manual interpretation. The accuracy rate is over 99%, which greatly improves the efficiency of pine wood nematode detection work. Equipped with a field rapid detection system, it can be portable for mobile operations without carrying PCR amplifiers or outdoor battery-loaded equipment, providing convenience for field pine wood nematode detection. The system is widely used in forestry bureaus, forest protection stations, quarantine bureaus, customs, universities, scientific research institutions and other units. II. Product Parameters of Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes 
1. Sample throughput: ≥16x0.2ml. 
2. Heating method: Thermoelectric cooler combined with electric resistance thermal infrared technology. 
3. Temperature control range: Room temperature ～80℃. 
4. Temperature control accuracy: ±0.5℃. 
5. Temperature uniformity: ±0.5℃. 
6. Excitation light: High-brightness LED. 
7. Detection system: New optical detector combined with digital circuit control. 
8. Fluorescence conduction mode: Optical fiber conduction. 
9. Reaction system: 20-120ul. 
10. Instrument sensitivity: 10～109 copies/reaction, and no cross-contamination between samples. 
11. Working voltage: DC12V, 10A; AC120V, 3A. 
12. Operating software: Automated detection program. The program does not require installation and can be upgraded for free. 
13. Control mode: Built-in high-definition color screen, no need for external computer or tablet equipment, touch screen control. 
14. Detection procedure: One-click automatic operation, complete pine wood nematode DNA detection and analysis within 1 hour, automatically display detection results and print detection reports, no manual interpretation required. 
15. Easy operation: Pine wood nematode DNA in wood chips and nematode liquid samples can be extracted within 5 minutes, and the fastest total detection time is ≤60 minutes. 
16. Accurate detection: Reagent sensitivity ≥0.1ng/ul. 
17. Reagent stability: Reagents do not need to be frozen and can be stored and transported at room temperature. 
18. Detection technology 1: PCR fluorescence technology and supporting reagents. 
19. Detection technology 2: Isothermal fluorescence technology and supporting reagents. 
20. Detection technology 3: Isothermal colorimetric technology and supporting reagents. 
21. Detection portability: Equipped with a field rapid detection system, which can be portable for mobile operations without carrying PCR amplifiers or outdoor battery-loaded equipment. 
22. Detection reagents: ≥48 tests. 
23. System configuration list (needs to be matched with the host system): Rapid detection toolbox, vortex oscillator, centrifuge, constant temperature metal bath, hand-held electric drill, 0.5ul-10ul pipette, 10ul-100ul pipette, 100ul-1000ul pipette, printer, timer, 10ul tip box, 100ul tip box, 1000ul tip box, 10ul tips, 100ul tips, 1000ul tips, 1.5ml centrifuge tubes, 1.5ml centrifuge tube rack, 0.2ml PCR tube rack, pipette rack, latex gloves, DNA rapid detection kit. The quantity of each item in the above configuration list is 1 (unit: set, piece, etc.). (Parameters are for reference only) 

II. Precautions for Automated Molecular Detection System for Pine Wood Nematodes 
1) The instrument must be placed on a stable indoor workbench, without direct strong light, free from strong electromagnetic field interference, no electrical equipment generating high-frequency waves nearby, and in a non-destructive environment; 
2) Environmental requirements for the instrument during operation: temperature between 5～40℃; humidity not greater than 80%; normal atmospheric pressure (altitude below 2000 meters); 
3) No corrosive gases and organic and inorganic gases with absorption in the ultraviolet range in the environment; 
4) Power supply voltage: AC120×(1±10%)V, frequency 60Hz; 

Note: If the power supply in the area where the instrument is used is often unstable or too high or too low, the user is required to be equipped with an AC voltage stabilizer greater than 1100W, and avoid plugging other electrical equipment on the same main line of the power supply. 
5) The power socket used by the instrument must be safely grounded, and the socket must be stable and have reliable contact; 
6) Please read the user manual carefully before use; 
7) If the equipment is not operated in the manner specified by the manufacturer, it may damage the protection provided by the equipment. 

